[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna run through one of the
all-time classics of horror in the 1985
film he returned to the Living Dead
let's get to it
we opened on the medical supply company
based in Louisville Kentucky the
business owner Burt is heading out for
the night while Frank finishes giving a
rundown of the operation to new recruit
Freddy he explains the organizational
vernacular and lets him practice packing
an order while providing an excess
amount of encouragement afterward he's
excited to take him on a tour and show
him every item in the entire warehouse
these are split dogs you're an odd bird
Frank after showing off the fresh
cadaver which he lets neighborhood kids
poked with a stick for a quarter they
move on to the best part of the job
shipping forms meanwhile we see Freddy's
crew make their way to the warehouse
while trying to decide where to party
that evening it's an eclectic group full
of Punk's rockabillies zoot suiters and
general scumbags back at work Frank gets
to the ghost story portion of the job
when he tells a tale intended to
convince Freddy that Night of the Living
Dead was based on a true story the rumor
is that a military-grade chemical
leached into the ground near the local
morgue causing the zombie problems that
were depicted in the movie Freddy calls
[ __ ] but Frank has an ace in the
hole in order he got mixed up in a
military contractor actually delivered
several barrels of evidence to their
warehouse which have been sitting in the
basement ever since Frey takes them down
to show them off for a quarter and like
a couple of ding dongs they play
grab-ass with the barrels which then
kindly invite them to choke on it they
pass out as we see the gas enter the
ventilation system and spread through
the building we then switch to a
military fellow who checks in as part of
a sort of national emergency
notification protocol dedicated to
finding the barrels back in Kentucky the
gang arrives to pick up Freddy two hours
early with nothing better to do in no
real direction in life they go fool
around in a now-defunct cemetery next
door meanwhile Freddy and Frank wake up
discover the barrels empty and stumble
upstairs they try to freshen up to cover
their tracks but quickly learn that
they're in a little deeper than that
unable to think of a way out of their
situation that doesn't paint them in a
negative light they call in the boss man
playing its super cash Burt Frank Burt
doesn't prove particularly sympathetic
however having the most to lose he takes
a no-nonsense approach to destroying the
evidence and helping them take
responsibility for their mistake they
let the jaundiced freak out and write
his things appear to spiral out of
control they manage to brain him with a
pickaxe
much to their chagrin he continues to
move apparently the chemical works on
the tissue level but this is real life
of course they resort to cutting the
cadaver into pieces and taking them to
Ernie at the crematorium they present it
to him as a rabid weasel problem but are
forced to come clean when he seems
reluctant to burn living animals ern
takes a beat to get over the desecration
of his velour jumpsuit before agreeing
to help them this sirs into an
elementary school films trip on the
water cycle until the clouds overhead
pregnant with trioxin spilled their guts
into the soil below inside they consider
themselves home free
other than the mysterious illness that
has befallen the boys they take a
breather on the couch while awaiting the
ambulance meanwhile Tina has come to
pick up Freddie only to find the
warehouse in disarray she sees evidence
of activity leading to the basement goes
to investigate she's confronted by tar
man who who's been hiding in the
basement the whole time silly goose her
escape is thwarted and she's forced to
find cover while her friends rush in to
avoid the burning rain hearing the
commotion suicide checks the basement we
get a cool shifting perspective shot
revealing the zombie who excited about
sweet brain meets shifts his priorities
opting to take what he can most easily
get back at the mortuary the medics are
trying to make sense of their conscious
patients who have no vital signs
whatsoever right at this time the gang
retreats to the cemetery but only
momentarily as the dead come to address
their grievances forcing them to the
front door of the mortuary right as the
medics go out the back to get a couple
of stretchers the medics are descended
upon and then an enterprising zombie
orders some door -
[Music]
inside the gang regroups in the
embalming room where they demand some
answers dammit anything dick brain huh
hurry Burt be cool they are distracted
by wails of pain from Frank and Freddie
who are examined by Ernie who recognizes
their symptoms as the onset of rigor
mortis the group is forced to address
the undead breaking into the sanctuary
they have to sacrifice cuz but managed
to hook a sweet torso in return so it
evens out when they tie it down and
begin to question it she informs them
that being dead not only sucks but it
hurts and brains are the only thing that
provide relief they all agree there's no
solution to this problem so they take
measures to improve their immediate
situation starting with moving the boys
into the sanctuary in the event that
they start to act wonky Tina vows to
stay behind to provide comfort like
she's Florence Nightingale or something
outside after the police backup are
similarly dispatched by the undead Bert
and Ernie have another planning session
but are interrupted when things go tits
up in the sanctuary Tina realizes she's
not as altruistic as all that they
managed to save her by blinding Freddie
with acid while Frank slips out the back
spider starts to freak out gets [ __ ]
slapped back to reality the new plan is
to get the cop car and make it to the
outskirts of town they run out swinging
and make it to the car but are quickly
overwhelmed and have no choice but to go
for help but the Horde ends up forcing
them back to the medical warehouse we
leave things at the crematorium with
Ernie and Tina in the Attic and Freddie
thrashing around blindly below while
Frank still lucid and not fully
succumbing to the brain lust takes
control of his fate by roasting himself
at 450 until slightly browned at the
edges but so plump and juicy in the
middle back at the medical warehouse
Burton the gang deal with the problem of
finding a usable phone the least
obstructed option seems to be the
basement so Bert squares up and slaps
the thar man's head clean off allowing
them to lock themselves in the basement
to call for help the police are
obviously confused and disorganized
offering no solutions so Bert sucks it
up and calls the number on the barrel
reaching the colonel we observed earlier
he takes down all the deets calms them
and hands them back to the operator
since the situation is confirmed boned
he employs the standard protocol this
results in a remote bunker control
station locking in a Louisville and
nuking it from the ground quite possibly
the only way to be sure at the time they
then report out on the estimated losses
and anticipate a cleansing rain will put
out any remaining fires and wash away
their filthy deeds with predictable
results
and that was Return of the Living Dead a
low-budget horror classic with
aggressive pacing and some phenomenal
performances and practical effects
making it one of my all-time favorite
movies if you enjoyed the video I'd love
for you to become a part of the channel
by subscribing thanks for watching